PREVIOUSLY ON BIG BROTHER!
THE WELL HIDDEN COOKOUT BUT
USE THE MOST POWERFUL ALLIANCE
IN THE HOUSE.
AND EACH MEMBER HAD A CLUELESS
PARTNER TO GET THEM FURTHER IN
THE GAME.
IF ONE OF THE DUOS ENDS UP ON
THE BLOCK TOGETHER THE COOKOUT
THAT NUMBERS TO HELP THEM STAY
SAFE.
TIFFANY WAS THE HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
I AM --
BUT AFTER HER PERSONAL PAWN
WON THE POWERFUL COIN OF
DESTINY.
WE HAVE A 50 PERCENT CHANCE
RIGHT NOW OF BEENING THE NEW
HOH.
ANONYMOUSLY.
A FATEFUL FLIP MAY CLEAR THE
NEW SECRET HOH.
I AM IN DEEP TROUBLE.
AND CLAIRE DECIDED TO KEEP
TIFFANY'S NOMINEES IN PLACE.
I WANT ONE OF KYLAND, SARAH
BETH OR EVEN XAVIER TO LEAVE THE
WEEK.
AFTER HANNAH WON THE VETO --
HANNAH, CONGRATULATIONS, YOU
WON THE GOLDEN POWER OF VETO!
SHE SAVED XAVIER, WHO WAS A
SPECIAL THIRD NOMINEE.
I HAVE DECIDED TO USE THE
POWER OF VETO ON XAVIER.
LEAVING KYLAND AND HIS
NONCOOKOUT BESTIE ON THE BLOCK.
IT IS NEVER GREAT TO SIT ON
THE BLOCK ON EVICTION NIGHT BUT
I DO BELIEVE THIS IS THE THE
BEST PLAN.
PLAYING FOR THE END GAME
XAVIER, KI AND.
I AM NOT TRYING TO UTTER YOUR
NAMES IN YOUR MOUTH.
THE THREE GUYS ARE LOOKING
OUT EACH OTHER MAKES SENSE TO
ME.
BUT HE WAS ALSO TRYING TO
LOCK IN KYLAND FOR A FINAL TWO
DEAL.
WE CAN TAKE IT TO --
YET TIFFANY HAD OTHER PLANS.
KYLE WANTS TO TAKE -- I WANT
TO FOR SURE TAKE --
AT THE LIVE CONVENTION --
I HAVE A VOTE OF 5-1, SARAH
BETH, YOU ARE EVICTED FROM THE
BIG BROTHER HOUSE.
THE COOKOUTS SEND ANOTHER
UNSUSPECTING SUCKER TO THE JURY.
WITH THE HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD
BACK UP FOR GRABS UNDER THE BIG
TOP, CLAIRE KNEW SHE COULDN'T
WIN.
TO KEEP THIS WEEK'S SECRET
HOH A SECRET, HE OR SHE MUST
GROW THIS COMPETITION.
BUT EVERYONE ELSE WAS HOLDING
ON FOR DEAR LIFE.
TONIGHT, WHO WILL BE THE
RINGMASTER OF THE CIRCUS FOR
POWER?
AND WHO WILL BE NOMINATED FOR
EVICTION?
PLUS, THE COOKOUT HAS MADE IT
TO THE FINAL EIGHT, BUT WILL
THEY FINISH THEIR MISSION BEFORE
THEY TURN ON EACH OTHER?
SHE WILL TAKE THAT SHOT AT US
AND TAKE US OUT.
OH, THIS WEEK FULLY I AM
BRINGING OUT MY SAVAGE SIDE.
FIND OUT RIGHT NOW ON BIG
BROTHER!
OH, MY GOD, IT IS IT IS
BURNING, OH, MY GOD, GIVE ME A
FIRE EXTINGUISHER.
YOU ALL KNOW THAT THE FIRST
THREE HOUSE GUESTS TO FALL WILL
BE HAVE NOTES FOR THE WEEK.
HI, JULIE.
GOOD NIGHT, JULIE.
OH, THEY HAVE BUBBLES IN THE
BOOTY.
OH!
I AM OUTGOING HOH AND IT WAS
PERFECT.
I GOT THE TARGET OUT, SARAH
BETH, BUT BECAUSE I WON THE COIN
OF DESTINY LAST WEEK AND I WAS
THE SECRET HOH, I CAN'T BE THE
HOH AGAIN, SO I HAVE TO THROW
THIS.
BUBBLES.
UH OH.
IT WAS EXTREMELY TOUGH TO SEE
MY FRIEND SARAH BETH WEEP.
I UNDERSTAND IT WAS IN THE
SERVICE OF THE MISSION OF THE
SIX, BUT IT DOESN'T MAKE IT LESS
DIFFICULT.
AS LONG AS WE CAN CARRY TOUT
NEXT STEPS IN OUR PLAN AND MOVE
THE SIX FORWARD, IT HELPS MAKE
MY OWN SACRIFICES ALL A LITTLE
BIT MORE WORTH IT.
I FINALLY GOT SARAH BETH OUT
OF THIS HOUSE.
WHAT A SWEET, SWEET REVENGE.
GREAT FOR THE COOKOUT AND BETTER
WEEK FOR ME.
I ALWAYS GET WHAT I WANT.
YOU GOT IT, BIG Z.
YOU GOT IT, YOU ARE GOOD.
THAT'S OKAY, BIG D.
BIG D.
COME ON.
GOOD JOB, DEAR.
BYE BUBBLES.
DAMN!
REALLY SWEET.
COME ON OVER HERE, BUBBLES.
I REALLY WANT TO WIN THIS HOH
BECAUSE I WANT TO PRO BELL THE
SIX FORWARD, PUT US IN THE BEST
POSITION TO GET US TO THE FINAL
SIX.
IT IS REALLY HONESTLY NOT ABOUT
THE POWER.
THIS WOULD MEAN A LOT FOR ME.
SWING A LITTLE BIT FASTER.
I AM DEFINITELY GOING TO
PUKE, GUYS.
YOU ARE GOING TO PUKE?
YEAH.
I REALLY WANT TO WIN THIS HOH
COMPETITION BUT EVERY SINGLE
TIME I AM HITTING THIS ELEPHANT
I AM GETTING DIZZIER AND DIZZIER
AND SPINNING FASTER AND FASTER.
I AM HONESTLY EVEN SURE HOW MUCH
LONGER I CAN HANG ON.
STAY STRONG.
ALYSSA, YOU HAVE BEEN
ELIMINATED, THAT MEANS YOU WILL
BE A HAVE-NOT THIS WEEK.
I AM VERY EMBARRASSED WITH MY
PERFORMANCE.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED.
THE DIZZINESS JUST REALLY GOT TO
ME.
NOW THAT I AM OUT OF THE RUNNING
FOR HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD I AM JUST
HOPING, HOPING, HOPING THAT
XAVIER CAN WIN THIS.
THAT WAY WE CAN BE SAFE.
I JUST REALLY, REALLY HOPE
XAVIER WINS.
GOOD JOB.
ALYSSA IS OUT SECOND.
I DEFINITELY THOUGHT ALYSSA
WOULD BE THE ONE TO BEAT.
THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT WE NEEDED.
NOW THERE IS NO CHANCE OF ALYSSA
WINNING THIS COMPETITION.
HA, HA, HA.
OH, NO.
THIS COMPETITION IS
DEFINITELY NOT FUN.
THERE ARE THESE THREE WEIRDLY
DRESSED CIRCUS PEOPLE WHO ARE
JUST BORED AND LIKE SPRAYING
EVERYBODY WITH WATER.
AFTER LIVING THROUGH
FRENCHY'S HOH REIGN I ALREADY
SURVIVED THE CIRCUS, I DON'T
NEED TO SURVIVE ANYMORE WHILE I
AM IN THIS HOUSE.
WE HAVE THIS BABY STATION.
OH.
DAMN, MR. ELEPHANT.
A COUPLE OF PEOPLE HAVE
ALREADY DROPPED, SO NOW IT IS A
PRETTY GOOD TIME TO THROW THIS
THING.
GOOD LUCK, EVERYONE.
HAVE FUN UP HERE.
OH, CLAIRE, ARE YOU OKAY?
CLAIRE, YOU HAVE BEEN
ELIMINATED.
THAT MEANS YOU WILL BE A
HAVE-NOT THIS WEEK.
STAY WITH IT, GUYS.
IT IS NOW DOWN TO JUST
COOKOUT MEMBERS WHICH IS GREAT
BECAUSE WE ALREADY HAVE AGREED
UPON A PLAN FOR HOW WE ARE GOING
PROCEED THIS WEEK.
WE HAVE AN AGREEMENT ON
CLAIRE BEING THE TARGET FOR NEXT
WEEK?
YEAH.
CLAIRE SIGNED ONE PIECES OF
-- SHE GO FIRST.
I AM STILL PLANNING FOR GOING
ON HOH, BUT KYLAND -- HOH --
YOU KNOW, CLAIRE --
WHISPERING]
TIFFANY AND XAVIER ARE THE
LAST TWO PEOPLE IN THE COOKOUT
WITH THEIR PLUS ONE STILL IN THE
GAME.
WE STILL NEED GET OUT ALYSSA AND
CLAIRE IN ORDER TO GET ALL OF US
MEMBERS IN THE COOKOUT IN THE
FINAL SIX.
THE BIG TEAM, BIG D OR I CAN
JUST -- AND I DON'T MIND EITHER
WAY.
AS LONG AS ALYSSA IS OUT
THERE THEN NONE OF US SHOULD BE
THROWING ANYTHING.
YES.
AND OBVIOUSLY --
I WOULD LOVE TO GET A THIRD
HOH WIN, PLUS I HAVE PRETTY
LEGITIMATE REASONS TO GO AFTER
BOTH CLAIRE AND ALYSSA, SO IF I
SENT EITHER OF THEM HOME IT
WOULDN'T RAISE FLAGS FOR ANYONE.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT ME WINNING
NEXT WEEK.
HUH-UH.
THIS WEEK --
TAKE OUT CLAIRE --
THE COOKOUT REALLY WANTS
CLAIRE 0 GONE THIS WEEK,
HOWEVER, I AM GOOD FOR ALYSSA TO
GO THIS WEEK BECAUSE ALYSSA IS A
TOUGH COMPETITOR TO BEAT AND IF
SHE WINS, WE STILL HAVE SEVEN
PEOPLE LEFT, SHE CAN SEND HOME
ONE OF THE MEMBERS OF THE
COOKOUT, AND I DON'T WANT THAT
TO BE ME.
SO THE COOKOUT, CLAIRE, I WANT
ALYSSA, HEY, WE WILL SEE WHAT
HAPPENS.
COME ON, X.
HERE I AM, THERE ARE ONLY TWO
OPTIONS TO SEND HOME THIS WEEK,
ALYSSA AND CLAIRE.
WHY WOULD I WANT TO BE
WHEN THERE ARE PLENTY OF OTHER
PEOPLE WHO CAN DO IT FOR ME?
HERE YOU GO, HANNAH.
I AM A-OK WITH LOSING.
OH, GOOD JOB, HANNAH.
WHOA.
THAT'S OKAY.
COME ON.
COME ON, KY.
IT IS NOW DOWN TO MYSELF, SKY
LAND, AZAH, AZAH AND SKY LAND
ARE IN THE BEST POSITION TO TAKE
A SHOT AT CLAIRE ..
YET AGAIN I WILL BE THROWING
ANOTHER COMPETITION.
PEACE OUT, BB CIRCUS.
OH, THAT'S OKAY.
NICE JOB, THOUGH.
I STARTED TO NOTICE THAT MY TOES
START SLIPPING AND IT IS GETTING
HARDER AND HARDER AND HARDER.
WAIT FOR IT, AZAH.
HOLD ON.
I AM DOING EVERYTHING I CAN
TO SCRAMBLE MY FEET BACK ON TO
THIS DISK BUT IT IS SLOWLY
SLIPPING AWAY.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH TIME I
HAVE.
DON'T LAUNCH, BABY.
COME ON.
AZAH.
I AM DISAPPOINTED AT THE END
OF THE DAY.
I DID MY BEST.
KILLED IT, AZAH.
YOU DID REALLY WEZ, AZ.
THANK YOU.
BUT I JUST WANT TO SEE MY
PARENTS AND I WON'T BE ABLE TO,
SO THAT'S WHY I AM SAD.
ARE YOU OKAY, AZAH?
YES.
I AM JUST REALLY NAUSEOUS.
I WANT TO WIN THIS.
KYLAND COULD BE COMING FOR
REVENGE FOR SARAH BETH IN WHICH
CASE HE WOULD GO AFTER TIFFANY
AND MYSELF.
COME ON, HOLD THIS OUT.
I KNOW YOU CAN DO IT.
DIG DEEP.
AT THIS .2 DOWN TO ME AND
TIF, WE ALL KNOW THE PLAN IS IS
FOR TIFFANY NOT TO WIN THIS WEEK
SO WE CAN GO AFTER CLAIRE.
I LOOK AT TIF.
SHE IS STILL ROCK STEADY AND
I JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT IS UP.
THE WHAT ARE YOU THINKING, IF
TIF.
TIF, JUST DROP.
SO NOW IT IS ON ME AND TIF
AND THE LAST ONE STANDING IS THE
NEXT HOH.
TIF IS SUPPOSED TO THROW THIS
ONE SO WE CAN TARGET CLAIRE THIS
WEEK BY IT SEEMS LIKE HER PLANS
HAVE CHANGED.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IS HAPPENING
RIGHT NOW.
WHAT IS GOING ON HERE, GUYS?
OKAY, WE ALL DEFINITELY AGREED
ON THIS, ON WHO WOULD DROP.
TIFFANY WAS DEFINITELY SUPPOSED
TO DROP.
WE HAVE ALL PUT OUR INDIVIDUAL
GAME ASIDE AND TIME AND TIME
AGAIN IF WE ARE AT THE POINT OF
MAKING SURE ALL OF US GET TO
SIX, THEN WE ALL NEED TO WORK
TOGETHER AND DO OUR OWN PART.
LOOKING GOOD, GUYS, KEEP IT
UP.
I THOUGHT WE ALREADY HAD A PLAN
BUT TIFFANY IS STILL UP THERE
SPINNING AROUND AND AROUND AND
AROUND AND AROUND AND AROUND AND
AROUND.
AND I AM CONFUSED ON WHY WE ARE
STILL SITTING HERE.
KEEP IT GOING, KY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT IF THE ANY
DOING AT THIS POINT BUT IT IS
RAISING SOME RED FLAGS AND THERE
IS, IT IS DEFINITELY KIND OF
MAKING ME QUESTION WHERE HER
TRUE LOYALTY LIES, TO THE COOK
CANOUT OR SOLELY TO HERSELF.
YEAH.
-- I KNOW YOU WANT KNOW DROP,
KY.
I KNOW YOU WANT TO RACK UP AS
MANY WINS AS YOU CAN FOR YOUR
RESUME, BUT WE DON'T ALWAYS GET
WHAT WE WANT NOW, DO WE?
ARE YOU GUYS ABLE TO GIVE US
A MINUTE?
HE KIND OF WANTS TO MAKE A
DEAL.
HEY, I HAVEN'T TOUCHED THE BLOCK
AND I AM NOT TOUCHING THE BLOCK
IF I DON'T HAVE TO.
STILL ON THE BLOCK WHEN I COULD
BE HOH?
WHAT HOH?
WHAT HOH, HA, I WILL BE HOH, I
WILL BE HERE FOR A MINUTE, KY,
YOU KEEP SWINGING AND I WILL
KEEP HOLDING.
COME ON, KY.
I BROKE LUNCH.
I AM GREAT NOW.
TIF DOESN'T LOOK LIKE SHE IS
GETTING READY TO THROW THIS AND
I AM JUST LIKE, WHY NOT?
THE CHALLENGE WITH TIFFANY
WINNING THIS WEEK IS SHE COULD
BE PUT IN A SITUATION WHERE SHE
HAS TO PUT UP CLAIRE AND THAT
WOULD BE REALLY BAD FOR HER.
TIF, WHAT IS GOING ON?
I WANT TO WIN.
I WOULDN'T BE UP HERE.
AH.
GOOD JOB.
NICE JOB, TIF 2, WEEKS IN A ROW.
GOOD JOB, TIFFANY.
HEY, I DID IT AGAIN, YOU ALL.
I AM SO TREEING EXCITED.
HAVE YOU EVER SEEN --
DON'T GIVE ME NO CHANCES.
YOU GIVE MAY CHANCE AND I WILL
TAKE IT.
I WILL TAKE IT.
CONGRATULATIONS, TIFFANY, YOU
ARE NOW THE NEW HEAD OF
HOUSEHOLD.
THANK YOU.
CONGRATULATIONS.
YOU ALL WENT INTO THIS HOH
COMPETITION WITH A SPECIFIC SET
PLAN IN MIND, AGREED UPON BY
EVERYONE AND AT TIMES IT FEELS
LIKE SHE WENT ROGUE AND SINCE IT
WAS DOWN TO ME AND HER I JUST
DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY.
THAT WASN'T VERY --
THE COOKOUT IS WORKING TO
ACCOMPLISH A GOAL BUT THERE CAN
ONLY BE ONE WINNER.
I AM TRYING TO BUILD MY RESUME.
I HAVE GOT ONE WILDCARD, NOW I
HAVE A BACK-TO-BACK HOH AND I AM
-- I HAVE ABSOLUTELY NO
INTENTION OF SITTING ON THE
BLOCK.
ALL OF THIS ALLOWS ME TO HAVE A
NICE FULL RESUME TO HELP ENSURE
I AM THE WINNER.
I AM IRRITATED.
TIFFANY IN HOH THIS WEEK CREATES
UNNECESSARY RISK.
IN ORDER FOR THE STICKS SIX TO
MOVE TO THE END OF THIS GAME
THERE ARE VERY FEW OPTION FOR
WHO CAN GO HOME THIS WEEK.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY
SHE WOULD MAKE THAT SORT OF
SELFISH AND RISKY DECISION.
IT IS KIND OF AWKWARD.
I AM HAPPY I AM SAFE IN WEEK BUT
CLAIRE WAS THE AGREED UPON
TARGET.
NOW THAT TIFFANY IS HOH, IS SHE
GOING ROGUE?
PROBABLY NOT.
WE NEED TO PUT OUR PERSONAL GAME
ASIDE BUT --
I CAN'T DO THIS AGAIN.
I AM JUST SO OVER IT, DUDE.
IT IS NOT FUN ANYMORE.
I CAN'T DO THE FAKENESS AND THE
TALKS AND THE ONE ON ONES.
IT IS JUST SO FAKE, IT IS NOT
REAL.
NOT BEING HOH YET AGAIN,
DEFINITELY SUCKS, BEING A
HAVE-NOT FOR THE THIRD TIME,
THAT DEFINITELY SUCKS.
TIFFANY WINNING IS ALSO VERY
SCARY BECAUSE I DEFINITELY KNOW
I AM NOT ONE OF HER CLOSEST
ALLIES.
I DO NOT WANT HER GOING AFTER X
OR MYSELF.
I THINK WE HAVE TO WORRY AND
EVERY WEEK I AM JUST STRESSED.
YOU CAN'T LET THIS GAME BEAT
YOU.
I AM JUST SO --
I AM PISSED BECAUSE PEOPLE
DECIDED TO PLAY SELFISHLY AND IT
WAS IMPORTANT THAT TIFFANY NOT
WIN THIS HOH BECAUSE THE TARGET
OF THIS WEEK WAS SUPPOSED TO BE
CLAIRE, BUT TIFFANY CAN TARGET
ALYSSA, AND WHO IS ALYSSA'S
PERSON?
THIS GUY, SO WHO WILL LIKELY SEE
THE BLOCK AGAIN FOR THE THIRD
WEEK IN A ROW?
THIS GUY?
AND HOW DOES HE FEEL ABOUT THAT?
FREAKING LIVID!
THEY ARE PISSED.
THEY ARE SO MAD.
TIFF IS AMAZING.
I DON'T NEED A MAN IN THIS HOUSE
BECAUSE I HAVE TIFF.
ARE YOU KIDDING ME?
I COULDN'T WIN THIS HOH BECAUSE
I WAS THE SECRET HOH LAST WEEK,
I AM SO STOKED BECAUSE I AM
DEFINITELY GOING TO FINAL SEVEN.
I DON'T THINK THEY WILL BLIND
SIDE ME THIS WEEK.
THIS IS MY BEST-CASE SCENARIO.
THIS DUO IS NOT GOING ANYWHERE.
OH, THEY ARE GOING TO BE
COMING FOR US FOR SURE NEXT
WEEK.
OH, MY GOD, CLAIRE.
HEY, MISS.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
I AM OKAY.
HOW ARE YOU?
I AM GOOD.
JUST FILL ME IN.
THAT'S ALL I AM SAYING.
BECAUSE FIVE MINUTES EARLIER --
THAT'S FINE.
LIKE I HAVE ALREADY SHOWED YOU I
AM ALWAYS WITH YOU.
I CAN SAY WHAT IS UP?
WHAT IS UP AND YET -- I DIDN'T
HEAR YOU SAY -- IT IS LIKE I AM
ASKING, WHAT IS GOING ON?
WHAT IS GOING ON?
TIFFANY WINNING DOES IMPACT HOW
I VIEW HER TO WIN YOU KNOW, TWO
HOH BACK-TO-BACK, THE WAY THAT
IT HAPPENED AND THE TIME THAT IT
HAPPENED MAKES IT HARD TO TRUST
THAT SHE IS THE TEAM PLAYER THAT
I NEED HER TO BE.
NOW YOU HAVE GOT A MENTAL AND
A PHYSICAL -- THAT YOU WON.
THAT IS A BIG DEAL.
THEY ARE ALL MAD.
THEY ARE ALL SAD AND MONEY-Y.
I MEAN, MOPE-Y, SOMEBODY HAD TO
WIN.
BUT GUESS WHAT?
AND .. I CAME UP WITH A MASTER
PLAN AND THEREFORE I SHOULD BE
ABLE TO KEEP IT SO IF IT ALL
GOES TO PLAN AND ALYSSA DOESN'T
WIN THE POWER OF VETO, CLAIRE
WILL BE HERE ONE MORE WEEK.
THAT WOULD BE TERRIBLE TO LET
HER -- I AM NOT GOING TO LET
THAT HAPPEN.
AND GUESS WHAT?
OKAY.
I AM SORRY.
I CANNOT DO THIS ANYMORE.
I AM SO OVER HER NOW.
MY CONFIDENCE HAS BEEN
SHATTERED AND PLUS I WENT OUT
FIRST.
I AM SO TIRED OF FEELING LIKE I
AM THE WEAKEST PERSON IN THIS
GAME.
I DON'T WANT TO DO THIS ANYMORE.
I DON'T.
THIS IS WHY I AM CALLING THIS
-- LISTEN TO ME, WILL ON THE ME.
LOOK AT ME, PLEASE.
YOU CAME IN HERE, YOU CREATE AN
ALLIANCE AND THAT RIGHT NOW IS
MAKING HISTORY.
I GET THAT, AZAH.
I GET THAT.
I AM RESPECTING THAT.
I UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU ARE SAYING
BUT I FEEL HOPELESS.
WHEN I GO INTO THESE TIMES I CAN
TRY MY HARDEST AND I FEEL
LITERALLY HOPELESS.
RIGHT NOW ME BEING A BIG GUY,
THESE PHYSICAL COMPETITIONS ARE
NOT FOR ME.
IT FEELS LIKE I AM THE FAT KID
IN GYM CLASS AND EVERYONE ELSE
IS RUNNING LAPS AROUND ME.
I KNOW MY DAD IS SAYING PLENTY
OF BOXING MATCHES HE GOT KNOCKED
DOWN CONSTANTLY BUT STILL GOT UP
AND KEPT ON SWINGING AND I AM
TRYING MY BEST TO BE THAT
FRAZIER AND KEEP ON SWINGING BUT
IT IS JUST HARD.
I KNOW YOU ARE HELPING ME AND
I LOVE YOU AND APPRECIATE YOU
FOR THAT.
RIGHT NOW I AM JUST SO UPSET AND
I AM SO OVER JUST FEELING LIKE
AT THE BOTTOM OF THE BARREL.
HOW DO YOU FEEL ABOUT THAT
HOH?
ORIGINAL THINK PLAN WAS TO
TARGET CLAIRE THIS WEEK, SO NOW
WITH TIFFANY BEING THE HOH
OBVIOUSLY CLAIRE CAN'T BE THE
TARGET.
THE FACT THAT OUR PLAN HAS HAD
TO CHANGE, THIS ISN'T THE WORST
THING FOR MY GAME.
I MEAN, LET THERE BE TENSION AND
LET THEM TAKE ON EACH OTHER SO
THAT NO ONE IS LOOKING AT ME.
UP TO NOW I HAVE BEEN PLAYING
THIS GAME FOR THE COOKOUT BUT AT
THE END OF THE DAY THIS IS AN
INDIVIDUAL GAME.
I AM NOT HERE.
I AM ON VACATION.
WHAT IS UP?
HE SAYS -- THIS IS GOING TO
BE A TRICKY WEEK BECAUSE NOW
TIFFANY HAS -- THAT DOES PISS ME
OFF.
NOT MAD, JUST FEEL -- LIKE IF
EVERYONE IS GOING TO PLAY THEIR
SELF-INTEREST -- WHY AM I
CONTINUING IN THIS COMPETITION?
SEEMS LIKE EVERY TIME -- PUT
THEMSELVES FIRST, JUMP AT IT.
I DIDN'T LET MYSELF --
YOU ARE GOOD.
CONSTANTLY IN THIS GAME I
HAVE HAD TO PUT MY PERSONAL GAME
ASIDE FOR WHAT IS BEST FOR THE
COOKOUT, AND I FEEL THAT SOME
OTHER PEOPLE IN MY ALLIANCE
STRUGGLE TO DO THAT.
I REALLY DON'T WANT ANY FISSURES
TO HAPPEN IN OUR LIFE, BUT I AM
DESPERATE AND FRUSTRATED BUT ALL
I CAN DO IS TRUST THE PROCESS
AND HOPE FOR THE BEST.
I COULD SEE THE BLOCK FOR THE
THIRD WEEK IN A ROW.
YEAH.
IT DOES INFURIATE ME.
BOTH TIFFANY AND KYLE THE
SHOWS WHEN IT COMES DO WINNING
COMPETITION THEY WILL PUT THEIR
OWN SELF INTEREST AHEAD OF THAT
OF THE COOKOUT.
AND I WILL SAY SCREW IT BECAUSE
THIS IS A FAMILY SHOW.
OKAY.
HOW ARE YOU FEELING?
FOR ME IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN
50-50 BETWEEN CLAIRE AND ALYSSA.
IT IS JUST THAT PEOPLE ARE
PUTTING THEIR OWN SELF-INTERESTS
AHEAD OF THE COOKOUT.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT IS FRUSTRATING.
AND I APOLOGIZE TO YOU.
EVERYTHING WILL GO ACCORDING
TO PLAN.
I KNOW YOU ARE ANNOYED,
XAVIER, HOH FOR THE SECOND WEEK
IN THE ROW AND YOU ARE ABOUT TO
LOSE ALYSSA, HOWEVER I AM HOH.
I AM REALLY NOT THAT STORY.
I DON'T WANT TO PUT YOU ON
THE BLOCK, BUT IF YOU TWIN POWER
OF VETO WE WILL HAVE TO USE IT
ON HER.
THAT MEANS YOU WILL HAVE TO
WIN IT.
--
I HAVE BEEN KIND.
I HAVE TAKEN ANY OF MY
COMPETITIVE SPIRIT AND KIND OF
PUT IT IN THE CAGE FOR THE
BENEFIT OF THE COOKOUT, BUT IF I
WIN THE VETO AND USE IT ON
ALYSSA, THEN WHAT ARE YOU GOING
TO DO, TIFFANY?
YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE WON HOH AND
NOW YOU HAVE GIVEN ME REASON TO
RUIN YOUR GAME.
WHO WANTS TO SEE MY HOH?
YAY!
ARE YOU ALREADY UP HERE?
DO, DO, DO.
TIFFANY WON HOH BACK-TO-BACK.
I CAN'T WAIT.
I AM SO EXCITED.
TO BE HONEST I COULD GIVE TWO-I
DON'T WANT TO SEE NO MORE
PICTURES AND I DAMNED SURE DON'T
CARE WHAT MUSIC SHE GOT THIS
WEEK BECAUSE IT IS NOT BEYONCE.
SHE WAS SELFISH AND DIDN'T THINK
ABOUT THE COOKOUT AND TOOK THAT
WIN FOR HERSELF.
SO I AM GOING TO DO WHAT I DO
BEST.
I AM GOING TO SMILE WITH THESE
PRETTY WHITE TEETH, LAUGH AND
ACT LIKE I CARE WHEN I REALLY
DON'T GIVE A DAMN.
HA, HA, HA.
YAY!
OH, MY GOD!
THAT IS AMAZING!
OH, MY GOSH.
I AM HAPPY FOR TIFFANY YOU
KNOW, TO GET THE HOH AND GET ALL
THE PERKS THAT COME WITH IT BUT
AT THE SAME TIME, COME ON, IF
THE, THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE --
MOMENT.
I DON'T KNOW.
I CAN'T HELP BUT YOU KNOW, FEEL
SOME TYPE OF WEIGHT FOR THE
PEOPLE WHO NEVER EXPERIENCED IT.
I AM ALREADY --
OKAY, OKAY.
BYE, BIG D.
BYE.
THANK YOU.
I PLAYED THIS GAME
UNSELFISHLY FOR EIGHT WEEKS.
YOU KNOW, I HAVE TOO, AND I
GET IT, SO.
FOR ME IT WAS EVERYTHING WE
JUST WENT UP THERE AND DID IT
SHOULD HAVE BEEN HIS OR AZ'S.
BIG D, WHAT DID YOU SAY?
HUH-UH.
YOU KNOW WHAT I AM SAYING?
I AM WORRIED ABOUT HER TRYING
TO PULL A FAST ONE BECAUSE TIFF
-- SHE WILL TAKE THAT SHOT AT US
AND TAKE US OUT AND THAT IS WHAT
IS MAKING ME SO FRUSTRATED.
OH, THIS WEEK FULLY IS
BRINGING OUT MY SAVAGE SIDE.
I AM NOT WORRIED ABOUT THAT.
IT WOULD BE NICE TO SAY HOH,
MIGHT GO ON THE BLOCK.
BIG D WAS LIKE I KNOW HOW THIS
GOES.
CAN I TRY ON THE DRESS?
YES.
GO AHEAD.
SO TIGHT.
OH.
I RIPPED IT.
IT IS VERY TIGHT.
OKAY.
IT DOESN'T EVEN FIT?
NO.
YOU HAVE GOT SOME WAY TO GO,
GIRL.
I HAVE WORN IT WITH --
TRY THE PURPLE AND SEE WHAT
YOU THINK.
YOU LOOK UNCOMFORTABLE.
HEY, I AM WITH THE COOKOUT
BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY, I AM
PLAYING THIS GAME FOR ME.
FOR TIFFANY, FOR TIP I TOES.
NO ONE ELSE CAN BE ON THAT CHAIR
BUT ME.
I WANT CLAIRE TO HAVE IN MIND
THAT IF SHE SHOULD WIN NEXT WEEK
I NEED HER TO GO AFTER THE GUYS.
I AM HOPING IF CLAIRE DOES WIN
HOH, SHE CAN DO WHAT IS BEST FOR
TIFFANY BECAUSE THAT'S MY GIRL.
HOW ARE YOU SNEELG.
I AM FEELING BITTERSWEET,
REALLY, BECAUSE I WANTED TO WIN
BUT I DON'T LIKE THE POSITION,
BUT IT IS WHAT IT IS.
I AM -- WITH MY ACTIONS RIGHT
NOW, I DO WANT TO BE
STRAIGHTFORWARD WITH YOU AND
KNOW I AM CONSIDERING YOU AND X.
AT THIS POINT, IT IS JUST A
GAME.
I UNDERSTAND.
I DO HAVE A FEW -- IF YOU DON'T
MIND.
SURE.
I AM ALL FOR THE PITCH.
I KNOW TIFFANY PROBABLY WANTS
TO TAKE A SHOT AT ME AND XAVIER
BECAUSE WE ARE A STRONG DUO, SHE
HAS A LOT OF FRIENDS AND ALL OF
THE FRIENDS THAT WOULD VOTE FOR
ME IN THE END ARE ALL PREJURY,
DOESN'T MAKE SENSE FOR TIFFANY'S
0 GAME TO GO AFTER LITTLE OLD
ALYSSA.
WHEN YOU LOOK AT JURY VOTES,
IF YOU SIT NEXT TO ANYONE YOU
HAVE -- SO LET'S JUST SAY YOU
ARE GUARANTEED THOSE THREE
VOTES.
IF YOU SIT NEXT TO AZAH SHE HAS
GUARANTEED TWO VOTES.
IF YOU SIT NEXT TO BIG D HE HAS
A GUARANTEED TWO VOTES.
AND KY HAS BEEN SAYING HE WOULD
VOTE FOR BIG D.
NOW IT IS JUST WE THREE.
IF YOU SIT NEXT TO KYLAND HE HAS
GUARANTEED -- YOU SIT NEXT TO
CLAIRE OR HANNAH, YOU ARE NOW
TAKING AWAY ONE OF THOSE THREE
VOTES THAT YOU HAD GUARANTEED IF
YOU SIT NEXT TO ANYONE ELSE BUT
HANNAH AND -- BECAUSE IF YOU
THINK ABOUT IT, HANNAH, CLAIRE
AND D ARE IN THE JURY, YOU SIT
NEXT TO HANNAH AND CLAIRE YOU
POSSIBLY HAVE ONLY GUARANTEED
TWO VOTES.
IF YOU SIT NEXT TO X, HE HAS
GUARANTEED SP'S VOTE AND MY VOTE
AND WITH HIS COMPETITION SKILLS
HE COULD GET A FEW MORE VOTES.
NOW YOU SIT NEXT TO LITTLE OLD
ALYSSA -- YOU HAVE GUARANTEED --
VOTE, GUARANTEED CLAIRE'S VOTE,
GUARANTEED DX'S VOTE.
YOU ONLY NEED FIVE VOTES TO WIN
THIS GAME.
YOU ALREADY HAVE FOUR SITTING
NEXT TO ME IF ALL YOU NEED IS A
FIVE THIS WEEK I WOULD SAY I
WANT TO GO AFTER KYLAND, SO I
WASN'T TARGETING YOU AND I DO
BELIEVE THAT HE WAS GOING AFTER
YOU.
I HAD TO SAY IT, I HATE TO TO
SAY IT BUT ALYSSA'S MATH
ACTUALLY ADDS UP, IF I SAT NEXT
TO ALYSSA IN THE FINAL TWO -- IS
IN THE JURY I PROBABLY WOULD WIN
BY A LANDSLIDE.
I DID COME HERE TO WIN AND IF
SITTING NEXT TO ALYSSA
GUARANTEES ME A WIN, I DON'T
KNOW HOW TO DENY THIS OFFER.
HEY, GUYS, IT IS TIME FOR THE
NOMINATION CEREMONY
THIS IS THE NOMINATION CEREMONY.
IT IS MY RESPONSIBILITY AS THE
HEAD OF HOUSEHOLD TO NOMINATE
TWO HOUSE GUESTS FOR EVICTION.
IN MY NOMINATION BLOCK ARE THE
KEYS OF THE HOUSE GUESTS I AM
NOMINATING FOR EVICTION.
I WILL TURN 0 TO KEYS TO LOCK IN
MY NOMINATIONS AND THEIR FACES
WILL APPEAR ON THE MEMORY WALL.
THE FIRST HOUSE GUEST I HAVE
KNOWLEDGE MADE IS -- I HAVE
NOMINATED IS --
THE NEXT HOUSE GUEST I HAVE
I HAVE NOMINATED YOU, ALYSSA,
AND YOU, XAVIER, THIS WAS A VERY
TOUGH DECISION AS IT IS NOT
PERSONAL.
IT IS PURELY A GAME MOVE AS YOU
ARE BOTH VERY STRONG
COMPETITORS.
THIS WAS THE BEST DECISION FOR
ME.
THIS NOMINATION CEREMONY IS
ADJOURNED.
I NOMINATED ALYSSA AND XAVIER,
THE COOKOUT MAY HAVE WON WITH
CLAIRE GONE THIS WEEK BUT THIS
IS MY HOH.
I AM HERE FOR THE GRAND PRIZE
TOTAL, BABY, 750.
I AM HERE FOR THAT CHECK.
I WAS HOPING MAYBE PAGE WOULD DO
SOMETHING BUT CLEARLY THAT IS
NOT THE CASE.
I AM KIND OF OVER THE FAKENESS
AS FAR AS THIS GAME AS FAR AS
BUDDYING UP WITH HOH AND THE
FAKE SMILES AND THE FAKE LAUGHS
AND ALL OF THAT, I DON'T REALLY
CARE AT THIS POINT.
I JUST NEED TO REALLY FOCUS AND
PLAN ON WINNING THE VETO NO
FATHER WHAT HAPPENS.
HERE I GO, THE THIRD WEEK IN
THE BLOCK BECAUSE TIFFANY
SELFISHLY DECIDED TO WIN HOH.
IF I GET THE VETO I WILL THEN
GET TO DECIDE WHETHER I WANT TO
PLAY FRIENDLY OR COMPLETELY RUIN
TIFFANY'S GAME AND I COULD PULL
DOWN ALYSSA INSTEAD OF MYSELF
BUT I AM SICK OF PLAYING NICE.
WILL IT BE USED TO SAVE
ALYSSA OR XAVIER?
PLUS, ZINGBOT IS BACK!
TUNE IN WEDNESDAY NIGHT AT 8:00,
7:00 CENTRAL ON "BIG BROTHER"!